Add documentation of sun/moon orientation/scale differences (#12145)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.txt

            (default: `true`)
        * `texture`: A regular texture for the sun. Setting to `""`
            will re-enable the mesh sun. (default: "sun.png", if it exists)

>             At sunrise, the texture appears non-rotated.

Reviewer: compared to what?

Author: Compared to the screen.
This assumes the current FPS-style camera.

Author: Description adjusted for clarity.

        * `tonemap`: A 512x1 texture containing the tonemap for the sun
            (default: `"sun_tonemap.png"`)
        * `sunrise`: A regular texture for the sunrise texture.
            (default: `"sunrisebg.png"`)
        * `sunrise_visible`: Boolean for whether the sunrise texture is visible.
            (default: `true`)
        * `scale`: Float controlling the overall size of the sun. (default: `1`)

>             Note: For equal `scale` values, the sun is bigger than the moon by a
>             factor of `0.119/0.076`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Note: For legacy reasons, the sun is bigger than the moon by a
            factor of `0.119/0.076`.
```

Author: Done.
But I've kept the "for equal `scale` values" because one might otherwise read it as "the sun is always bigger than the moon by this factor. if you set the one scale, the other one is automatically adjusted to keep this fact", which is wrong. Instead, one can set both scale values independently.

            (default: `true`)
        * `texture`: A regular texture for the sun. Setting to `""`
            will re-enable the mesh sun. (default: "sun.png", if it exists)
            At sunrise, the texture appears non-rotated on the screen if one

>             looks at it.

Reviewer 2: Proposed wording:

The texture appears non-rotated at sunrise and rotated 180 degrees (upside down) at sunset.

Author: Sounds good. Done.

        * `tonemap`: A 512x1 texture containing the tonemap for the sun
            (default: `"sun_tonemap.png"`)
        * `sunrise`: A regular texture for the sunrise texture.
            (default: `"sunrisebg.png"`)
        * `sunrise_visible`: Boolean for whether the sunrise texture is visible.
            (default: `true`)
        * `scale`: Float controlling the overall size of the sun. (default: `1`)
            Note: For legacy reasons, the sun is bigger than the moon by a factor

>             of `0.119/0.076` for equal `scale` values.

Reviewer 2: Change ratio to '1.57', because it's simpler and more informative.

Author: I've written it like this so that one can find the values in the src by grepping.

Author: Done.
I've also made comments to the src to allow grepping for the magic numbers.

            (default: `true`)
        * `texture`: A regular texture for the moon. Setting to `""`
            will re-enable the mesh moon. (default: `"moon.png"`, if it exists)
            At sunrise, the texture appears non-rotated on the screen if one

>             looks at it.

Reviewer 2: Same proposed wording here.

The texture appears non-rotated at sunrise / moonset and rotated 180 degrees (upside down) at sunset / moonrise.
